Okay, I hope this thing is working, I don't have much time.
If you are watching this, it means I didn't make it. Everything has gone wrong, it wasn't supposed to happen this way.
My team and I have been doing research to try and-
No, I can't even bring myself to say it... God, this wasn't supposed to happen. My son ... he ... 
No, don't think about it, people's lives depend on me getting this information to someone who can help.
Whoever is watching this, please don't fault us for our work. We were trying to make something great.
It was supposed to change the world, OUR WORLD, for good, not for bad.
I'm not sure what went wrong, but the trial didn't go as expected. We thought at this temperature it would evolve slow enough for us to control.
I guess we underestimated the power of that little shit. It mutated out of control and is currently destroying the lab and everyone in it.
If you manage to kill it please let the world know we didnt want this to happen. Don't paint us to be the villians. We were doing this to help.
The only weakness we have found is its resistance to fire. Fire seems to kill any part of thing it touches.
But it's evolving at a rate faster than anything we had ever expected, it's unheard of.
All of us here in the lab, we've accepted our deaths. 
But please, you have to find it and kill it before it destroys the entire town, and then the world.
For all I know at the time you're watching this video, the town may have already been destroyed.
If that is the case. then there is no point in you even trying. Unless you can go to space, ha. Honestly, that probably wouldn't even save you.
Now, if you're not my husband, please stop watching the video from here. 
Please be alive.
Okay, shit. God how do I even begin to explain this?
Honey, I love you, you know that, right? And I love our son too.
You know he came to work with me today. 'Bring your kids to work' day and all that. Well ...
Things obviously went wrong, and I should have never brought him here. Even you told me not to bring him. How stupid am I, huh?
Well, the experiment went wrong and he-