Well, the experiment went... differently... from what we expected, and he was the one who was affected.
Before I tell you this, I just want you to know everything I do is to protect our son...
Okay ... I never told you because I thought you wouldn't agree, but our son has always been normal. Normal strength, normal smarts, normal heart.
But I have always wanted him to better than normal, I wanted him to to be perfect.
The reason I wanted to work as a part of this team so badly was because we were going to make a formula to make someone the perfect human.
And I thought we had finally perfected it! A way for our son to become everything I had ever dreamed of.
We had done so many trials, I didn't want anything to go wrong. It all had to be perfect.
I still didn't want you to know, I knew you would disagree. But I kept going, knowing that if I made him better, you would forgive me.
I even faked the whole 'bring your kids to work day' so that I would have a chance to do the procedure and you didn't even question it! It was perfect!!
It was all going well until he got scared and wanted us to stop! HOW COULD HE ASK US TO STOP WHEN WE WERE SO CLOSE?!
If he was perfect, he wouldn't be scared. So I kept going. His screams were so loud. 
Because of all of his unnecessary panicking his heart rate went up and along with that his body temperature. And I guess that little increase in temperature meant the organism could mutate.
It happened so fast, one second I was looking at my very normal son, and the next there was a creature whose whole body was covered in a black liquid.
It started growing, and was quickly too big for the operation room and when it broke out, it started attacking everyone on sight.
And then the strangest thing started happening... It started reproducing. When parts of the creature's body got injured, it was able to produce multiple new creatures.
They looked like bugs, and wasps, and they were the progeny of what used to be our son. It was disgusting.
THAT THING IS NOT OUR SON ANYMORE, OKAY! IT MUST BE KILLED. THAT THING IS EVEN LESS PERFECT THAN OUR SON. 
Kill it, and make sure that it never comes back. I will not have something with my DNA be so imperfect. Goodbye.